So we've got product of numbs here and
we're basically just trying to call,
same thing as before here,
product numbs semicolon, and
then same thing with average and we're
gonna do both of these cases get an error.
So, oops, well, one of the errors is
it's called number errors not numbs.
Right, so we're getting use of move value
numbers values here after moved yesterday,
so, how can we fix this, well,
the easy way the quick and
dirty way is we can just
say numbers dot clone.
Numbers, clone, oops, and
now everything's fine, we're totally good,
however, this does of course have
a performance penalty to it,
I guess we can run this just to
make sure everything's working.
So proud of these numbers,
some of these are average these numbers,
some of these numbers, great.
So everything's working but
we do have this performance downside, so
let's try doing it the other way,
so basically the other way being,
let's actually have some of
these functions return a tuple.
So we'll jump down to the sum of numbs
function beside the sum function,
and basically we're gonna say rather than
having a return I 64 we're gonna have
a return the 64.
Yes, but also additionally a veck of I-64,
which is to say the original
numbers that we passed in.
You can do these in either order, you can
have it returned the I-64 followed by
the thing that we're returning back or
the other way around, doesn't matter.
I'm gonna go and do the same thing for
product because I know we're going to want
it so that I-64, I'm not going to bother
doing it with average because in this
particular example, we don't need to.
But if I wanted to use this strategy
everywhere I would also do it for average,
okay, now we see we have some type errors
because this is now returning a tuple, but
I'm pretending like it's not.
So now I want to return some of
numbs followed by numbers 2, and
I'm gonna use numbers 2 over here.
So now that one's fixed, but I still have
a problem with the other one, which is
that I do project numbers come in numbers
3, and then I can use numbers 3 in here.
Great, now everything works again, so
I have not used any cloning but
whoops, [LAUGH] Okay,
fair enough, so I guess I actually
did that in the wrong place.
Number 3 is a vector bytes 64
averages numbers three problems,
I see some of numbers, right, so yeah, so
then here I need to do some of numbers,
I guess I can just do dot zero.
That'll work cool, okay, so
now we have, some of numbers,
is the same answers as before,
except that we,
were able to do it without any
cloning questions about this exercise.
>> What did some.0 do?
>> Yeah, that was basically, returning
the taking the value out of the tuples, so
dot zero says give me
the first thing in the tuple.
And because some is now returning
a tuple of I-64 and veck of I-64,
I need to get just this part out of the
out of the veck, sorry, out of the tuple.
So .0 is just a quick way to do that,
I could have also done like let (answer,
numbers2) = sum numbers, yeah,
that would have also worked then
I could say answer over length.
So same basic thing, and
then it would complain to me saying, hey,
numbers 2 is unused, so I figured rather
than writing that, I would just say,
some numbers .0, both do the same thing.
This is going all the way back to part
two, which I realized was hours ago at
this point, but it's yeah,
just a different way to write it.
>> With using an array instead
of a vector bypass this process?
>> It would, yeah, absolutely,
if we were using an array instead of this,
we would not have any of these
problems we would not get, you can't,
yeah, that would totally not be a problem.
However, that would mean that numbers
would then be have a hard coded
length where it would only be able to
be a fixed length at compile time.
Which as we all know from programming with
these types of data structures is not
the most useful, it's much more useful
if they have a flexible length.
>> Thanks, [INAUDIBLE] And I were both
able to just reuse the name numbers
instead of numbers 2, and numbers 3 seems
a little weird because we didn't declare
let mute numbers, but I don't know
if you could explain how that works.
>> Sure, yeah, so you can actually do
this if you want, instead of numbers,
2 numbers 3, so basically what's
happening when you do this is it's
not actually mutating it, but
rather it's shadowing it.
So essentially what this is saying
is it's saying, from now on,
I am defining a new thing called numbers,
this old thing is no longer exists.
The old the old thing known as numbers,
is dead to me and now for
like Long live this new definition of
the word numbers, and same thing here.
So basically we're sort of like
kicking this thing out of scope and
replacing it with a new thing that
has nothing to do with the old one.
In contrast, mutating is saying
I wanna actually go in and
make a change to this value,
like whatever this thing refers to.
So where this distinction
potentially makes a big
difference is let's say you do
it inside of a for loop, so
it's basically the difference between
saying like, let x= 5x =5 and let y=5.
Let y =5 so, if I do well first of all,
it's gonna give me a compile error on this
one, but not on the second one, if you
can imagine now let's suppose I put a for
loop on this, like I don't know, numbers.
And versus if I put a for
loop on this one,
then you can kind of see the difference
more clearly, because in this top one,
I'm actually like inside
each iteration of the loop.
I'm going back and changing the original
one which after I exit the loop,
sort of effects what this value is from
now on, whereas in this one I'm just
defining a new thing that's like
shadowing the previous one,
and when I exit the loop, the original
one still has its original value.
So that's really the distinction here
is when you are, if you decide to
make a lead or any kind of naming
that sort of reuse an existing name.
What that does if they're in the same
scope is it just says, Well, from now on,
you can't access the previous one.
Whereas this version actually
overrides the previous one,
which in an example like this,
maybe doesn't matter.
But inside a for loop or something
like that it can't make it or is that
a conditional would be another case
where that would make a big difference.
So, yeah, I don't want to go
into huge change on this but
hopefully that [LAUGH]
clarifies a little bit.